now I don't mean to - move on to other
parts of your career but there's a Star
Wars movie coming out JJ Abrams is
directing yeah look and I would love to
know what your what your plans are for
this you know I really can't you can't
say what's going on I I you know there's
nothing I can't talk well we have some
people all just like to ask you some
questions would you be alright taking
some questions from the audience
any endings no no you know no sir okay
all right yeah real problem I think we
have okay yeah we have a gentleman right
there no Star Wars questions do do you
like being in movies yeah yeah thank you
okay these people today do we have any
um we have another okay we have someone
right over here yes
are you hungry are you hungry no not
really
we have bomb thank you okay thank you
that it's uh we have a net okay yes is
it right here
question like there yes somebody
oh you'd like that wouldn't you always
trying to blame me
you're the one who couldn't keep it in
your in your furry pants actually is not
wearing anything doesn't wear pants I
rest my case so full how did he get in
here you set this up you set this up
someone I know I just thought you two
could bury the hatchet I mean I know
you've had issues in the past and I
thought it'd be nice to get you together
you know what happened between you he
knows what he did she was my wife you
wookies sucker
you're either on my side or you're
you're on his side
oh I'm out of here
no really no I really didn't you I'll
see you in hell
that means there won't be in 40 tools in
fitters now Harrison Ford everyone will
be right back with that